Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/analyze-hotspots/README.md

# Analyze hotspots

Use a geoprocessing service and a set of features to identify statistically significant hot spots and cold spots.

![Image of analyze hotspots](analyze-hotspots.png)

## Use case

This tool identifies statistically significant spatial clusters of high values (hot spots) and low values (cold spots). For example, a hotspot analysis based on the frequency of 911 calls within a set region.

## How to use the sample

> Select a date range (between 1998-01-01 and 1998-05-31) from the dialog and tap on Analyze. The results will be shown on the map upon successful completion of the `GeoprocessingJob`.

Author: We're not supposed to use code here, right?

```suggestion
Select a date range (between 1998-01-01 and 1998-05-31) from the dialog and tap on Analyze. The results will be shown on the map upon successful completion of the geoprocessing job.
```

## How it works

1. Create a `GeoprocessingTask` with the URL set to the endpoint of a geoprocessing service.
1. Create a query string with the date range as an input of `GeoprocessingParameters`.
1. Use the `GeoprocessingTask` to create a `GeoprocessingJob` with the `GeoprocessingParameters` instance.
1. Start the `GeoprocessingJob` and wait for it to complete and return a `GeoprocessingResult`.
1. Get the resulting `ArcGISMapImageLayer` using `GeoprocessingResult.getMapImageLayer`.

> 1. Add the layer to the map's operational layers.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a `GeoprocessingTask` with the URL set to the endpoint of a geoprocessing service.
2. Create a query string with the date range as an input of `GeoprocessingParameters`.
3. Use the `GeoprocessingTask` to create a `GeoprocessingJob` with the `GeoprocessingParameters` instance.
4. Start the `GeoprocessingJob` and wait for it to complete and return a `GeoprocessingResult`.
5. Get the resulting `ArcGISMapImageLayer` using `GeoprocessingResult.getMapImageLayer`.
6. Add the layer to the map's operational layers.
```
